Use Xcode 7.3 or earlier.

Step 1.

  In your project’s folder copy below files. You can find these files in the FrameworksAndResources folder.

  H2HBundle.bundle

  TutorWebTC.framework

  H2HSDK.framework

Step 2.

  From Project File -> General -> Embedded Binaries -> + -> Add Other (select these files: H2HBundle.bundle, TutorWebTC.framework, H2HSDK.framework from the project directory.) -> Select: copy items if needed -> Finish.
  Make sure these files are added under:

  Embedded Binaries: (General tab)
  H2HBundle.bundle,
  TutorWebTC.framework,
  H2HSDK.framework.

  and Linked Frameworks and Libraries: (General tab)
  TutorWebTC.framework
  H2HSDK.framework.

Step 3.

  Project File -> Build Phases -> Copy Bundle Resources -> + (if not present) -> H2HBundle.bundle

Step 4.

  Project File -> Build Settings -> Build Options -> Enable Bitcode -> NO

Step 5.

  Create Podfile and add following statements:
  platform :ios, ‘7.1’

  target ‘<Target Name>’ do
  pod 'KissXML'
  pod 'CocoaAsyncSocket'
  pod 'CocoaLumberjack’, ‘2.2.0’
  end


  and perform pod install.
  (for more information on how to install pods, refer: https://cocoapods.org/)
  close project file and open workspace created by pods.

Step 6.

  Unzip and copy XMPPFramework (provided in FrameworksAndResources folder) in your project folder.
  Add it in frameworks folder in your project. ( select Frameworks -> Add files to <Project Name> -> select XMPPFramework we just copied )

Step 7.

  Add Project file -> Build Phases -> Link Binary with Libraries -> + -> libresolv.tbd

Step 8.

  In H2HSDK.framework -> Headers -> H2HSDK.h: add line #import “H2HSDKExt.h” (if not already present)

Step 9.

  Clean and Build your project.
